README.md, before:

# MKS WiFi plugin #

[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin)
[![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin)
[![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin)

MKS WiFi plugin for Cura developed by Makerbase, Jeredian and Elkin-Vasily and it was originaly migrated from [https://github.com/makerbase-mks/Software](https://github.com/makerbase-mks/Software "https://github.com/makerbase-mks/Software") after V4.4 version.

Using the plugin with Cura, you can:
  - Connect Cura to the MKS Robin WiFi and MKS TFT WiFi;
  - Control your 3D printer wirelessly with Cura;
  - Transfer .gcode files to a printer with 100kbyte/s speed;
  - Get preview on 3D printer srceen when using MKS Robin TFT35 or MKS TFT35 LCD.

## Installation ##

* Marketplace:
  Plugin is available through the Cura Marketplace as the MKS Wifi Plugin.

* Manually:
  - Download or clone this repository;
  - Open Cura configuration folder. It can be found via Help -> Show Configuration Folder inside Cura;
  - Copy folder into [Cura configuration folder]/plugins/ ;
  - Restart Cura.
  
 ** Notes: The MKS WiFi plugin is only available for Cura 4.5 or higher version. **

## Funding ##
 The development of this plugin can be sponsored via [Paypal](https://www.paypal.me/PaulHelgesson "https://www.paypal.me/PaulHelgesson")

Commit message:

MWP-104 Readme enhancement (#104)
Troubleshooting and Translation sections added.

README.md, after:

# MKS WiFi plugin #

[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin)
[![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin)
[![Code Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Jeredian_mks-wifi-plugin)

MKS WiFi plugin for Cura developed by Makerbase, Jeredian and Elkin-Vasily and it was originaly migrated from [https://github.com/makerbase-mks/Software](https://github.com/makerbase-mks/Software "https://github.com/makerbase-mks/Software") after V4.4 version.

Using the plugin with Cura, you can:
  - Connect Cura to the MKS Robin WiFi and MKS TFT WiFi;
  - Control your 3D printer wirelessly with Cura;
  - Transfer .gcode files to a printer with 100kbyte/s speed;
  - Get preview on 3D printer srceen when using MKS Robin TFT35 or MKS TFT35 LCD.

## Installation ##

* Marketplace:
  Plugin is available through the Cura Marketplace as the MKS Wifi Plugin.

* Manually:
  - Download or clone this repository;
  - Open Cura configuration folder. It can be found via Help -> Show Configuration Folder inside Cura;
  - Copy folder into [Cura configuration folder]/plugins/ ;
  - Restart Cura.
  
 ** Notes: The MKS WiFi plugin is only available for Cura 4.5 or higher version. **

## Troubleshooting ##

Please [create a new GitHub issue](https://github.com/Jeredian/mks-wifi-plugin/issues/new/choose) and provide all details according to the template.

## Translation ##

To create new translation, or improve existing one, please check [translation guide](https://github.com/Jeredian/mks-wifi-plugin/wiki/Translation).

## Funding ##
 The development of this plugin can be sponsored via [Paypal](https://www.paypal.me/PaulHelgesson "https://www.paypal.me/PaulHelgesson")
